## Meeting Notes

- Discussion about logging event for checkout start vs checkout page load.
	- Seems like all agree no real benefit to track event and page load, but tracking form interaction as event after page load may be useful.
- Brian doesn't want to review tasks where text is changed -- Taylor says this was a 1-point task that no one looked at thoroughly.
### Brian M.
- Not a whole lot had to kick back, lot of stuff reviewed
### Steven R.
- Finishing up with [[2420-add-upgrade-note-to-designer]]
- Will start on [[2439-remove-unused-js]] tomorrow
### Andre R.
- Finishing up task, moving to next task
### Shawn K.
- Out today
### Craig B.
- Got a school call, might be joining from car
- Working on discounts, added Brian/Taylor to doc, will be reaching out to teammates
### Taylor S.
- Couple of items in needs revision can be ignored until passed back
- Getting idea in heads -- one thing noticed, anytime a task is 8pts or larger, running into issues -- multiple revisions, when revisions are from stakeholders, not much we can do other than ask them for more details, presenting alternate solutions. Internal revisions, what gets turned in might have arch choices, misunderstandings, take longer than expected. One way thought to get more clarity, engineering plan sketches out how to solve problem to see arch choices and approach, but not working well because feels like extra overhead and burden, tend to avoid or do after. Once was column to review plan before start working, felt cumbersome. What do we need to do to fix this? 
	- Looking for solutions to help us stay on the same page working on tasks so that small decisions don't lead to huge issues.
	- Maybe pair off and come up with strategy.
	- Maybe group discussion about larger tasks, not all tasks.
	- Think about it, will talk about it when Shawn is back, we want it to be something we want to do, not a drag or something we want to avoid.
	- Andre: if meeting was earlier in day, we'd have more time for discussion.
		- Brian: Sucks to have meeting during lunch hour, and Shawn wouldn't have time to finish before meetings.
		- Taylor: probably will move meetings, not our fault Shawn lives in weird place.
		- Taylor: might be good to have additional meetings for these tasks.
		- Taylor: most days just eating at desk anyway.
	- Brian: Have idea of what to do by 1st of year.
	- Taylor: you guys probably don't feel it that much, he and Brian do. Why is this taking so log?
	- Brian: May unveil chronic underestimating problem. Who doesn't love more meetings?
	- Taylor: Can we make this more fun/collab/interesting
	- Brian: how come you didn't read our minds very well? We kinda know how you're going to do the work, but you don't know how we think about doing it.