## Meeting Notes

Brian forgot what meeting he's in.
If had opportunity to go to space, would you do it?
Brain talks about icequakes. Taylor says weather is really cold and dry, warming up. Craig weather is 52, gets cold at night, fall weather. Steven weather is 60, window is open and sun is burning skin. Shawn weather is tickling 80s, dry. Andre weather is mid-50s, kinda wet. 
Any cool/embarrassing stories to share from holiday party? Brandon has dartboard in basement. Mark 80th birthday was shouted out.

Taylor: Craig can reach out to Joe or Laura or someone about how discounts work, but likely will be wrong

Brian asks Craig if familiar with Business Rules Document (BRD). Dev has best knowledge of how things work right now.

Talking to Megan about another task to put mod quotes in customer dashboards, might have draft mod quote reqs, submitted, purchased, expired, ability to request upgrades. Taylor wants to use cookie to save mod request form data. Brian wants to use local storage instead of cookie. Taylor wants auto-saving. Don't show drafts in user account area. Taylor reducing points to 6. Brain says could serialize data to store in table. Taylor pushes back to local storage. Brain suggests SQLITE as option.

Probably worth looking at Andre's UI changes for Mod Request modal, might be conflicting.
### Brain M.
- Working on final reviews, feels dumb because small text change tasks.
- Would like to do these types of tasks as support tasks, not development.
### Craig B.
- Working on discount scenarios, meeting with Taylor last week.
- States Shawn notes no documentation.
- Mentioned message I sent about PRs.
### Steven R.
- #2439 Remove Unused JS is ready for review
- #2449 Mod quote request save feature picked up
	- Create new enum for modification status, including new draft status
	- Add button to modification modal form that says "Save for later"
	- Add form action to save or update draft modification
	- If user has draft modification for the plan, load the draft modification data in the modal form
### Andre R.
- Updates for mod request for UI
- Optimizing admin pages
### Shawn K.
- Working on sales tax
### Taylor S.
- Nothing to report, just underwater and behind.

Shawn asks about calendar in bamboo hr for last pto days, what dates are off around new years. New years day is off. No one knows if the calendar is correct, Taylor says he doesn't care what we do.
Taylor clarifies that all time off resets on anniversary date.
Taylor complains that Bamboo doesn't show time available in days, not hours.
