## Meeting Notes

Taylor has hard-stop at 3pm today.

Talking with company, guy who has been doing upscale, high-end homes about partnership for cross selling like start build with cost to build reports. Network of contractors.

Joe is out, jury duty. Getting back to normal.

Be wary of form-submitted data.

Shawn build function to pass param queries through DBASE class. Not always easy to tell if data has been escaped. Do best to trace variables, think about not just escaping data, but also validating data. Other noticed, using conditional is handled differently a lot of the time. Use empty|!empty when possible.

Q to Taylor from Brian: What's up with message from Brandon?
A: Brandon is trying to map out all functions in org, what people do, job descriptions. Probably will be simple, "I'm a software developer, I do frontend/backend"

### Andre R.
- Finishing up related plans cta
### Steven R.
- Finished 2353-pinned-mobile-nav-menu
- Finished 2493-upgrade-shipping
- Started looking at 2435-remove-swiperjs-and-swipercss
	- Key thing to take away is that we leverage swiper css, will need to be moved into pages.css
	- Swiper is only used in one place now, slider on homepage somewhere according to Taylor
	- make all plan cards without swiper 
	- Remove unused swiper stuff
	- Try to clean up plan card so no 7000 nested divs
### Shawn K.
- Merged main.css and pages.css
- Working on migration to 8.5
### Craig B.
- Not in meeting, may have missed meeting update
- Brian mentioned that Craig asked for something to do